https://codepen.io/steinmikey/pen/abWNmBg

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    meaningful html tags
2. What is HTML used for? 
    the content of a webpage
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    within html tags
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the main header; 1 time
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    anchor tag, image tag
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    title, link to style sheet
7. What is an id? 
    identifier attribute
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    html elements, any?
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    1 time
10. What is a class? 
    attribute that can apply to multiple elements
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any html element
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as needed
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add attribute target="_blank"
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    if the image can't load, it shows text describing the image
15. How do I reference an id?
    #{ }
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is semantic
17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling html
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 { }
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    the selectors, and how many times you can use them on a page; 
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    . { }
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human { }
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    p>c, if you don't want the grandchildren affected too
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a { }
24. What is a pseudo selector?
    keyword that specifies a special state of the selected element (ie. hover)
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-spacing: #;
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: #px;
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: dotted 1px black; 
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls, or ls -la, 
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm ; it's permanent, no double checking
34. Why should I use version control? 
    allows you to go back to previous versions; can improve and update pieces at a time
35. How often should I commit to github?
    often
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "name"
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork the repository so it's your own copy 
    clone it so it's a local repository, 
    use cd to get into the new repo folder,
    code . allows you to edit in visual studio code,
    git checkout -b creates a new branch to work on,
    git add. adds your saved changes to the staged area,
    git commit -m "message" commits it to git,
    git push -u origin uploads it to the remote area,
    pull request before getting reviewed and merged;

Stretch Questions
1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
